# Interactive-Dashboard-with-MongoDB

•	<b>How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</b>

I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by keeping the logic simple, adhering to best practices, using abstraction, and commenting code that is not inherently obvious. I exercised these qualities through my work on the CRUD Python module from Project One. The module can operate as a separate software component and be used in future projects that require CRUD functionality. The advantages of working in this way are decreasing the time it takes to complete a project and the fact that myself, or another developer, can look at this code with fresh eyes and still understand the purpose of each line. My CRUD python module can be easily adapted and used in the future for any application that requires querying documents from a database using MongoDB. 

•	<b>How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</b>

I approach a problem by first gathering the data requirements so that I fully understand the needs of the client. A part of my approach is determining more than one potential solution and then identifying and implementing the most appropriate one. I also constantly iterate over my work to make improvements that simplify my code and make functionality more efficient and effective. I think creativity is another important element that is fundamental to my style. Even if it’s something small, incorporating creative aspects allows work output to stand out and emphasizes detail. My approach to this project differed from previous assignments in other courses mainly because of the creative aspect required to make the presentation of data more meaningful. The techniques and strategies I would use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests are to test early and often, encapsulate and abstract functionality, and keep things organized. 

•	<b>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</b>

Computer scientists develop solutions to enable and improve the way people use software systems. Their work simplifies processes through automation, expands capabilities through functions and algorithms, and increases efficiency by removing obstacles. They are basically responsible for filling the potholes of the digital world. My work on this type of project can help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, by making sense of big data and presenting it in a way that allows them to make effective business decisions in a timelier manner. Big data can be messy and difficult to work with or understand. As demonstrated in this project, computer scientists can transform data so that it easier to use and understand.  

